Updates for Kim (#56)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/B2B-overview.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: HIDDEN

= Use Anypoint Partner Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]

Reviewer: Is this the title of the whole deliverable, or is this a Level-1 title, like Activity Tracking and Configure the Host?

Take a look at your TOC and ensure that the title hierarchy is sound.

"Use" is pretty weak; the whole deliverable is about "using". To accomplish what? Do we really want something like "Manage Business Transmissions with Anypoint Partner Manager"?

Author: Agreed. I'd like to work with you on this for the next release.

endif::[]

> Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to manage transmissions of business messages with a large number of trading partners through the creation and deployment of message flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Partner Manager (Partner Manager) enables you to manage transmissions of business messages with a large number of trading partners by creating and deploying message flows.
```

> A transmission is a single communication event during which a payload is transferred between two business entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _transmission_ is a single communication event during which a payload is transferred between two business entities.
```

These payloads can contain one or more business messages.

> A message flow is the path along which a message travels from its source, through a DataWeave transformation map, to its target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _message flow_ is the path along which a message travels from its source, through a DataWeave transformation map, to its target.
```

You'll need to perform some tasks before you can begin transmitting messages with your trading partners.

> In Anypoint Partner Manager, you set yourself up as a host partner, configure your trading partners, and then create message flows between you and your trading partners.

Reviewer: This text confuses me a bit, in terms of organization (again, check your TOC).
If this is an introduction to the deliverable, then this text ought to summarize the deliverable content, as indicated by all the Level-1 headings in it.
If this is a Level-1 topic, then it should summarize the Level-2 topics within it. 
However, there is just one Level-2 topic here, and it should be promoted as one of the first tasks you have to perform. "Preparing" is not a subtopic to "Using."

== Prepare to Use Anypoint Partner Manager

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN
edited; please compare to original

Before you configure your organization as host, your trading partners, and the message flows between you, you must first understand how your backend systems work and then collect some information from your partners.

Information you need about your organization includes the following:

Author: STET for now.

> * Your organization's identifiers (such as the AS2 ID, X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your organization's identifiers (such as the AS2 ID, X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on)
```

> * Endpoints: There are three types of endpoints you'll work with in AnyPoint Partner Manager -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Information about the three types of endpoints you'll work with in AnyPoint Partner Manager:
```

> ** Receive endpoints. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Receive endpoints+
```

Your organization needs to provide endpoints to receive transmissions from your trading partners. +

> These endpoints are resources your organization exposes to your trading partners.

Reviewer: Endpoints that your organization exposes to your trading partners to receive transmissions from them

> ** Target endpoints. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Target endpoints +
```

> Your organization also has internal endpoints to which it routes messages from the trading partners. The messages routed to the target endpoint are typically validated and transformed before they are routed to the configured target endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal endpoints to which your organization routes messages from the trading partners, after the messages are validated and transformed
```

** Acknowledgement endpoints +

> Your partners provide you with their own endpoint configurations to which your organization can send acknowledgments, such as an X12 997 or X12 999. Acknowledgements are typically sent back to trading partners and correspond to one or more B2B messages you receive from your trading partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trading partner endpoint configurations to which your organization can send acknowledgments, such as an X12 997 or an X12 999, in response to one or more B2B messages you receive from your trading partners.
```

> * Your digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate)
```

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN
edited here

* Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) message type preferences for your organization
* DataWeave transformation maps your organization uses for B2B transformations.

Information you need about each of your organization's trading partners includes the following:

* The partner's name (usually the name of the company)
* Partner identifiers (such as the AS2 ID, X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on)
* Partner endpoints (where you send transmissions to your partners, including acknowledgment endpoints)
* EDI message format preferences for your partner (such as X12), and any associated validations (such as acknowledgments like TA1, 997, 999, and so on)
* Message types to use
For example, a purchase order in X12 is an 850 message. You also need to know the X12 version to use in your transactions (such as 004010, 005010, and so on).

Author: STET for this release.

> * Your partner's digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your partner's digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate)
```
GLOBALLY omit periods at the ends of list items when every item in that list is a fragment.
